hello panda mushroom here with a farming
simulator 2013 mod reviews this time
we're going to do something a little
different we're gonna do a mod about
ground texture this one is by zipper and
it's a version 1.5 the version one that
he that he put out not long back
he's now changed a new color color the
soil the textured of riches and the
cultivating distance so what I'll do is
I'll actually show you what Hagin state
used to look like and then we're go and
take a look at what the new one looks
like so this is the old style plowing
and this is the old-style cloud with a
spray fertilizer on top as you can see
not teaching you to suck eggs but this
darker here's a cultivated on sprayed
this is with crop on that's been caught
you can just see the stubble obviously
with crop so you can see the texture
underneath
and again cultivated non sprayed this is
but potato ridges
come sprayed this is sprayed potato
ridges
this is seeded sprayed
this is seeded unsprayed
and this is cultivated sprayed so there
you go that's what egg instead started
out like with the texture packs on the
actual ground so if you fancy a change
and you've got mod map that you want to
change because be very careful in
changing your original map because if
you muck it up it will mock your game up
totally and you probably won't be able
to play it or it won't play multiplayer
so just be very wary about changing your
actual main game but you download the
mod and you basically changed the
foliage layering the mod map and this
order is to it really so if you if
you've got a mod map that you want to
change texture on I'll say try on that
first right okay what we do is we pause
it and we go over and wherever look at
the new texturing
there we are back with the new textures
here you can see the new plow texture on
awesome chunky slightly darker this is
the plow texture without spray don't
look too bad actually it's more like
real flower field here you can see the
plow texture has been sprayed
just a slight Darkman over here is the
cultivated and that's changed quite a
lot
from the original
this more like you've probably find in a
field now far from die attract probably
here it is with stubble crop on it and
obviously with a full grown crop on it
we just walk over another lot
is cultivated again this is the potato
ridges has changed quite a lot as well
it's more like the machines gone over
proper made wedges rather them round
that's non sprayed this is sprayed
slightly darker yeah anything there's
not a lot of difference in the color so
you know it could be bit dodgy sometimes
but if you'd just look quickly there is
the seeded sprayed so rather than where
that's the cultivated you can see where
the seed has made the ridge marks that's
the main difference
this is seeded unsprayed
as the two unsprayed sprayed and this is
cultivated sprayed
now you can see the tractors smoking
about in the background getting stuck
together so there you go that's dust
textures from Zee fire so why do is I
put the mug link in the description is
from ma toasters you go have a look and
see we think thank you for watching this
is panda mushroom